ASB-32862 Remove ML/BERT code, documentation, and tests (#93)
spacetelescope/bibcat: docs/data_readme.rst

Input text data
===============

> The ``bibcat/data/`` directory contains scripts for preparing input datasets. This includes building the initial dataset, cleaning and streamlining it, and splitting it into training, validation, and test sets for use with the `LLM-based method <https://bibcat.readthedocs.io/en/latest/llm.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bibcat/data/ directory includes a script that prepares the input dataset for the `LLM-based method <https://bibcat.readthedocs.io/en/latest/llm.html>`_ This dataset combines the `papertext` (text) and `papertrack` (classification) data into a single input file.
```
The LLM-based method does not use separate training/validation/test splits.
